docs: GDB support (#629)
aws/aws-advanced-nodejs-wrapper: docs/using-the-nodejs-wrapper/using-plugins/UsingTheGdbFailoverPlugin.md

# Global Database (GDB) Failover Plugin
The AWS Advanced NodeJS Wrapper uses the GDB Failover Plugin to provide minimal downtime in the event of a DB instance failure. The plugin is based on [Failover Plugin v2](./UsingTheFailover2Plugin.md) and unless explicitly stated otherwise, most of the information and suggestions for the [Failover Plugin](./UsingTheFailoverPlugin.md) and [Failover Plugin v2](./UsingTheFailover2Plugin.md) are applicable to the GDB Failover Plugin.

## Plugin Availability

> The plugin is available since version 3.2.0.

Author: ```suggestion
The plugin is available since version 3.0.0.
```

The mentioned scenarios can be configured with the GDB Failover plugin. [Failover2 Plugin](./UsingTheFailover2Plugin.md) and [Failover Plugin](./UsingTheFailoverPlugin.md) don't support the home region and can't be used for the cases mentioned above.

## Using the GDB Failover Plugin
The GDB Failover Plugin will not be enabled by default if the [`plugins`](../UsingTheNodejsWrapper.md#connection-plugin-manager-parameters) value is not specified. If you would like to override the default plugins, you can explicitly include the GDB Failover Plugin in your list of plugins by adding the plugin code `gdbFailover` to the [`plugins`](../UsingTheNodejsWrapper.md#aws-advanced-nodejs-wrapper-parameters) value, or by adding it to the current [driver profile](../UsingTheNodejsWrapper.md#connection-plugin-manager-parameters). After you load the plugin, the failover feature will be enabled.

Please refer to the [failover configuration guide](../FailoverConfigurationGuide.md) for tips to keep in mind when using the failover plugin.

> [!WARNING]

> > Do not use the `gdbFailover`, `failover` and/or `failover2` plugins (or their combination) at the same time for the same connection!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not use the `gdbFailover`, `failover` and/or `failover2` plugins in any combination at the same time for the same connection!
```
